when mama broccolini arrived on lego
island she had only the clothes on her
back the clothes and her piano upon
arriving she was asked what it was that
brought her here
she replied the boat thinly but when the
question was explained to her again she
replied the cool music after marrying
papa broccolini whom she met on the ship
and opening up LEGO Island Pizza she has
plenty of book you'll find her there
every day serving up friendly advice
great food and of course hot pizza
cooler music and now your mama brick
aleni
hello mama I'm on put that away I made a
pizza for you again with the camera if I
show you something special will you go
away if you think that's good
you should taste it now watch this I get
out of here with that hammer I've got
work to do Peppa
get in here we got work to do yes papa
broccolini that you
check it out perfect angle 45 degree
95 degrees and now your peppers welcome
to Lego Island there are 1720 bricks on
this island most of them are good when
they're not that's where I come in
my name's brick Nick brick I carry a
badge I love being a cop
helping people keeping order mostly I
love the challenge
solving crimes making Lego Island safe
the thing that impresses most people is
my memory I can remember anything I'm
remembering this right now I just said
the thing that impresses most people is
my memory
pretty good huh the Rickster
he's in jail now but if he ever escapes
I'll be on him like studs on a brick and
for over an hour
officer Nick brick is reporting in oh
thank you
to me being a cop is all about people
people and respect
we do have our problems disputes do
happen here on Lego Island but most can
be solved with a little understanding
but don't get the wrong idea I can be
tough when I am
but I like to think that every citizen
on Lego Island has a friend in Laura
brick penguin over now Laura break
welcome I salute you